It is being successfully implemented by theAmerican Army Airborne트가ichan.
The Peterson scratchers dropped under the strict red flag helped our Chief Airborne bonne meal.
We have gathered the Palenban, the capital of the Chima-Tora-Toronan division,
and secured the airfields of the airfields in the same area.
We have already assigned part of our airfields to the Palenban airfield.
The outline of the front line is also displayed.
The Singaporean Air Force, which is preparing for a major military operation,
and the other parties have also been in close cooperation with the Japanese Navy.
We have completed the operation and are proceeding smoothly.
We have also completed the operation and are proceeding smoothly.
The purpose of the operation is to provide the airfields of the airfields
and the hot airfields of the 1.5 billion people.
Next, we would like to continue to award a teams' military award
for 5 home careers from the real Harbor,
the Special aqui Bernardенным Shipbuilding
Thank you for watching!